Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ Me and baby brother ♪
♪ Used to run together ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey. yeah ♪
♪ Welcome one another ♪
♪ Headed for the corner ♪
♪ Hey. hey. yeah ♪
♪ Shiftin' on his mind
Is like drinking funky wine ♪
♪ By the river ♪
♪ Chippin' on his mind
Is like drinking funky wine… ♪
Brothers for life.
- Marcus?
- Mm.
Where are you going?
I'm getting out of here. man.
My brother needs me.
Are you sure that's a good idea?
Look at the last email he sent.
"Wish you were here."
"Hit me up if you're ever in New York."
He's got too much pride to admit it.
but this is a cry for help.
It feels like
you're reading too much into this.
Why don't we see what Matilda thinks?
She says to follow your heart.
Thanks. Matilda.
Goodbye. Keith.
- Here. You take her.
- Oh.
She's a very generous lover.
No. you keep her.
You're her rock.
Shit. Where am I?
Time for plan B.
No. no. no. no. No. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no!
I know. I'm worried about him too.
Oh shit.
Whoo!
I'm coming for you. big bro.
- How do I look?
- Hmm?
-I should be standing when they come in.
-Uh… What do you mean?
These are big-time TV people. Mia.
They care about image.
- Right.
- What do you think about this?
Coat buttoned.
This.
Oh. Uh…
That… Maybe the legs closer together.
It's too much?
Okay. what if I stand. uh… sideways?
You know. head down. thoughtful. solemn.
When they come in. I could--
Rudd… relax.
These people want you on their show
because of who you are.
not how you look.
'Cause of the real estate business
that you built from the ground up.
You don't have to put on a show for them.
You are the show.
-Really?
-Absolutely.
And. as your assistant.
I have the best seat in the house.
Mia. I couldn't do any of this
without you.
-Thank you.
-There he is!
- Hey!
- There's our superstar.
- Great to see you.
- Wow.
Rudd. I forgot how humongous
you are in person. brother.
Yeah. he's built like a duplex. isn't he?
Yes. I am terrified of you right now.
-Yeah. you're like a freak from a lab.
-Yeah. Way too big.
Big ol' guy.
- Yeah.
So. uh. we gonna do this?
Did I make the cut?
Why tell you when we can show you?
- Come on. Have a seat.
- Yeah.
This season on NYC Hustlers.
Hayley Boyajian
and Kieran Francis are back.
I have a foot fetish.
A square-foot fetish.
After a battle with brain cancer.
my father tragically passed away.
But on the flip side.
I sold a condo to his radiologist.
But there's a new agent
on the New York scene.
His name is Rudd Landy.
And he didn't come to play nice.
He came to close deals.
I built my firm from the ground up.
brick by brick. one listing at a time.
Just a chubby kid from New Jersey
with nothing more
than a real estate license and a dream.
And if that name
sounds familiar to you. it should.
Rudd is the kid brother
of billionaire hedge fund manager
and man-about-town…
…Josh Landy.
DJ. philanthropist. money mogul.
He does it all.
In other words.
Rudd has a chip on his shoulder
the size of the Big Apple.
I may be the new kid on the block.
but I'll do anything to get out
of my big brother's shadow.
Will Rudd remain
the one Landy with something to prove?
Find out on this season of NYC Hustlers.
So good.
Look at him. speechless.
He's speechless. Pretty exciting. huh?
Yeah. Um… I don't remember saying
that thing about my brother's shadow.
Yeah. you didn't.
We. uh… we used AI
to add in some dialogue for you.
Isn't that cool? We do it all the time.
It's just temp though. Don't worry.
We have options.
I got these big muscles
so I could feel like a big boy.
and not my brother's little bitch
for once.
- I love that one.
- It's so good. It's so relatable.
I mean. my heart… …aches for you.
Always in second place. Always overlooked.
But now. here's your chance
to finally shine.
-Yeah. um--
-No. hey. hey. please. Don't hold back.
We love feedback. Give us feedback.
Uh…
Maybe less Josh. you know? Maybe more me?
-How much less?
-Yeah. like. what percent less?
Like. zero. maybe? Like. maybe zero Josh?
And then… and then I'd go up to a hundred.
Right. so you don't wanna be
overshadowed by your brother.
Kind of exactly what the intro was saying…
Yep. I'm struggling to see the issue here.
Look. guys… I am super pumped
for this opportunity. okay?
I know what being on your show
could do for me and do for my firm.
I'll tell you this right now.
I will crush this.
Because I am ready
to run with the big dogs.
But if this is the angle we're going with.
I'm sorry.
I just don't think it's a good fit.
Wow.
-I think what Rudd means--
-Did you feel that. Lenore?
Oh. I felt that. Mm-hmm.
- That's… our angle right there.
- Yeah.
That's it. If you can bring
that big dog energy to our show.
we won't even need Josh.
- Mm-mm.
- I'll bring that energy.
I will be the big dog.
Ah.
No.
- That is a lapdog.
- Not what he was trying to give.
Right. big dog?
Right.
Hey. brother. I've been thinking.
It's been a while
since we've seen each other.
and I know our schedules
haven't really aligned. like. ever.
But I was reading your last email.
and I had an epiphany.
At the end. when you said.
"see you later." it made me think.
"What if later was right now?"
The thing is.
my life is actually pretty great.
-I've been traveling a lot lately.
-Whoa!
Spending more time in nature.
making new friends.
Oh. good morning.
You can play through.
Hey. How's everything tasting?
-Oh. are you our waiter?
-No. just curious.
Anyway. I know how busy you are.
so I'm doing us both a favor.
That's right.
I'm coming to see you. big bro!
Whoa!
I was gonna surprise you
and show up at your door.
but I was just too damn excited.
Like when you don't jerk it for a week
and finally see your girl
and can't even get it out of your pants
before busting all over the place.
What the fuck are you doing?
I asked you to watch my laptop
while I was in the bathroom.
Hang on one sec. bud.
Just in the middle of a thought here.
"Busting all over the place."
Coming to see you. big bro!
Shit.
Hey. Mia. You coming?
From now on.
we put all our focus on this show.
-Could be a real game changer for us.
-So exciting.
And even if an unexpected distraction
were to pop up. we could just--
-Mia. you know I don't like surprises.
-Right.
Whatever comes up.
I trust you to handle it.
The faster we get going on this thing.
the more damage
even the smallest obstacle can present.
Did you know if an F1 racer
hits a pebble at full speed.
the car will literally explode?
-It will?
-Yeah. it will.
That's why it's your job to get rid
of all the pebbles. You were saying?
Um… I was…
I was just saying that. uh.
your car is… is waiting for you outside.
Thought I heard
something pretty out there.
Shit.
New York City. here I come!
♪ Woo. woo. dee. dee. dee ♪
Oh yeah.
Oh. look at these cuties.
Brothers!
Deirdre. this event… Wow. It's incredible.
-I'm so proud of you.
-Aw! Hey. how was your meeting?
-We start shooting in two days.
-What? Are you serious?
Yes.
I'm finally gonna be
playing in the big leagues.
I just… I want you to know
that all the sacrifices
we've been making as a family.
they are about to pay off big-time.
I am so happy for you.
Okay. better get back to work.
I still have more asses I need to kiss.
-Do your thing. Where am I sitting?
-Table five. Your brother's there already.
Yes!
He goes. "This is the castle
that Castle built."
How do I look? Does my face look puffy?
He always points out if my face is puffy.
Rudd. you look great. Okay?
All right? I promise.
Clooney and I are drinking buddies.
Go get him.
I said.
"Thank you so much for the briefcase."
And he goes. "Did you open it?"
There was a million dollars inside.
I thought the briefcase was the gift!
Oh. there's a gift. Hey! There he is.
Get over here. big man.
Oh! Hey. you look tremendous.
What happened to your face?
You gain weight? Looks good.
- Do you work for Josh?
- What? Who. him?
No. this is my baby brother.
Rudd Landy. He's a realtor.
Oh.
And I found out I'm gonna be
on this season of NYC Hustlers.
Oh my God. That is amazing.
Remind me. what is that again?
It's… it's a big reality show.
That's perfect for you!
That's exactly what you should be doing.
People love that reality stuff.
It helps them forget
how shitty their lives are.
Hey. congrats. You deserve it.
-Thanks.
-So are you selling Josh's house?
-Ah…
-You're selling your house?
Yeah. it's time. She's been good to me.
But. you know. yeah. look.
Nah. He doesn't wanna be
listing his older bro's place.
He definitely doesn't wanna be
dealing with Business Josh.
"Below asking?!"
Whoa! "Below" this!
Whoa!
Wow.
$5.000 from the Blumenfelds.
That is gonna go such a long way.
Thank you.
I think we can all sleep
a little easier tonight.
knowing they're gonna sleep
And that would not be possible
without your generous. generous donations.
Oh.
Rudd Landy. my husband.
- $10.000?
- Aw!
My God.
Honey. I love you.
Well. that looks like
it's all of our donors for this evening.
and I am so grateful
to each and every single one…
I have a little video.
Uh…
Okay. I guess we have
a special video this evening.
Hey. Deirdre. It's Paris.
When Josh told me about Mattress Miracles.
I was obsessed.
Anyone who knows me knows
there's nothing I'm more passionate about
than solving
the homelessness crisis in America.
That's why I'm donating
$100.000 to the cause.
-Oh my God!
-Keep up the great work.
-Love you. Josh.
-Oh my goodness!
- Josh. stand up.
- No.
- Please. No. I insist.
- No. no. no.
Okay!
Why does he always have to outdo me?
What are you trying to prove. dude?
And he lists his 19-million-dollar house.
doesn't even mention it to me?
-Why don't you just tell him?
-I'm not gonna beg for his business.
It's exactly what he wants.
All he ever does is fuck with me.
"Hey. your face.
What happened?"
- "You gain weight? You look good though."
- You do look good.
He meant it in a mean way.
And he acts like
he's never heard of NYC Hustlers.
You're friends with all these celebrities.
but you've never heard of Hayley Boyajian?
Not buying it. bro.
At some point.
giving that much money isn't helping.
Think of all the tax issues
you have to untangle now.
I'd hate to be in your shoes.
Are we still talking about this?
Nope. You're right. I'm done.
Aw… Maxine.
Aw… Who's a pretty girl?
I thought we agreed
no more random disabled pets.
Well. she was on a kill list.
Besides. it's only temporary.
The adoption event is tomorrow.
You're spreading yourself too thin.
-Haven't you done enough?
-Not really.
We have to put on all these lavish events
to convince these rich assholes
to give us their money.
But when I add up the costs. it feels like
we're barely making an impact.
Hey! Knock it off!
Gosh. You're scaring Maxine.
-I told you not to text her.
-You weren't making a move. bro.
What is going on with you two?
Okay. this hot girl just transferred
from Lawrence. and--
I met her first. and we were vibing.
Shane knew I was into her.
The only reason she's talking to you
is to get to me. obviously.
Isn't it possible
she likes Cory and not you?
-Dad. Mom's having a stroke.
-Shane. your mother's not having a stroke.
She just has a soft spot for underdogs.
- Mm…
- Aw. underdogs.
Enough.
-Okay.
-Cory. come here.
As you know. my brother bullied me
a lot too growing up.
I used to bring girls home all the time.
In the morning. I'd see them
tiptoeing out of Josh's bedroom
after a night of expert lovemaking.
I know. You talk about it a lot.
Yeah. but did I let his antagonism
and innate sexual ability defeat me?
No. I used it as fuel
to make myself bigger and stronger.
You wanna punch above your weight.
gotta learn to push beyond your limits.
Okay. pal?
-Yeah.
-All right.
Hmm. Hello?
You should be thanking me.
- This is he.
- I'm helping you out.
-Oh my God. Is he okay?
-Sh! Sh!
Of course. I'll be right over.
That was the hospital.
My brother was in a car accident.
Paging Dr. Shaw.
It's okay. He's a fighter.
He's gonna pull through.
-Are you Rudd Landy?
-That's me.
-Is my brother okay?
-He will be.
It was quite an accident.
He was very lucky.
-Is he awake? Can we see him?
-He's sedated but should be up shortly.
-Okay.
-Follow me.
Who the fuck is this?
-That's not his brother.
-Are you sure?
I'm sorry. There must be a mistake.
We're looking for Josh Landy.
Not Marcus Pinchel?
Marcus who?
It says right here.
"Please contact Rudd Landy. big brother."
Uh…
-♪ Just the two of us ♪
-♪ Just the two of us… ♪
All right. Marcus.
This game is called Horse.
so if you miss a shot. that's an H.
-Got it?
-Yeah.
Oh shit.
That looked pretty painful.
Are you sure you're all right?
No one's ever asked me that before.
Hey. do me a favor.
Don't tell anyone you got hurt with me.
or I could get in trouble.
They won't notice. I get hurt a lot.
-Do you want your hat back?
-No. I'm good. You can keep it.
We're brothers now. right?
Brothers for life?
Brothers for life.
-♪ We can make it if we try ♪
-♪ Ha-ha! ♪
Rudd.
-Rudd!
-What?
What is going on. and who is this person?
I don't believe it.
but I think that's my Little Brother
from a charity thing in high school.
You were a Big Brother?
You never told me you did that.
I thought it would look good
on a college application.
I think we hung out five times.
You obviously had a big effect on him
if he asked them to contact you.
We barely know each other.
You don't think that's odd?
- I haven't spoken to him in 30 years.
- Brother?
Is that you?
Say something.
-What do you want me to say?
-Anything.
Hey. bud. How you feeling?
Is that really you.
or are you an angel disguising itself
as the person I trusted the most
in order to help me cross over?
- I don't wanna die!
- No. no! Whoa! Hey. it's me! It's me!
Oh. of course it is.
And here I was wondering if you'd changed.
So. uh… what have you been up to
all these years?
Well. I…
I've just got out of a long-term gig
and had some free time on my hands.
So. naturally. I came to see big bro.
And to meet your lovely family.
But this lovely I did not expect.
She is beautiful.
Out of your league. dawg.
- Yeah.
- I mean. you fucked up.
You didn't fuck down. You fucked up.
- It's nice to finally meet you.
- You are one lucky lady.
This man right here. absolute gem.
This is the most generous. caring man
I've ever met.
And even with
all those big-ass. rippling muscles.
the strongest one is his heart.
Oh my God. He is so sweet.
There he is.
Oh. full house.
Don't mind me.
I just have to change his bag and bedpan.
And let's get that catheter out.
Thank you. Nurse Sonj.
You're too good to me.
Oh. someone's been staying hydrated.
- Guilty.
- Okay.
Uh. Deirdre. don't we have to
pick the boys up. bring 'em to something?
- Oh God. The boys!
- No.
How are Shane and Cory?
-You know their names?
-Are you kidding?
Been dying to uncle-down
with those knuckleheads.
Yeah.
Too bad you're stuck here.
Not for long.
He'll be discharged this afternoon.
-The doctor said he had skull damage.
-Oh. that was there already.
One of my foster dads
got ripped one night.
put me in an old washing machine.
then rolled it down a hill.
I got a huge dent up here.
It's like a cupholder.
Oh my God. You have been through so much.
Do you have somewhere you can stay
until you get back on your feet?
Not really. but when you're a foster kid.
you get used to making a home
out of wherever you can find it.
But you're not a foster kid.
You're like 40.
Maybe you can stay with us
for a night or two.
- That's a fantastic idea.
- Mm-hmm.
-Could you give us a minute. please?
-Sure.
I love their energy.
What are you doing? That's not
a puppy from a kill shelter. okay?
He obviously doesn't have
anyone else to turn to.
-He drove all the way here to see you.
-That's not a red flag for you?
What are we supposed to do?
He's got nowhere else to go.
Before we know it. he'll be renting out
each of his holes to afford a motel room.
I hear you.
but the timing couldn't be worse.
I start shooting tomorrow.
Come on. It's only for one night.
- Good Lord.
- One night.
Take a deep breath.
Oh shit!
Thank God.
- Ugh!
- That is a wrap on Catheter Zeta-Jones.
Phew!
That actually cleared my sinuses.
Don't worry.
You won't have to mess with all this.
Although. he may need to use a bedpan
for a few days. until his bowels solidify.
-Perfect.
-Right.
-I have a few questions about his care.
-Oh. sure. I'll see you. guys.
Yeah.
Nurse Sonj is the best. isn't she?
Between us. I think she wants to hit this.
-Good for you. bud.
-Whoo! Tap this ass like a double IPA.
I heard you the first time.
-I'll let you know if it happens.
-Not necessary.
Oh. I know. but I got you.
Bro code.
Man. I can't believe
getting my shit rocked
by a dump truck ended up being
the greatest thing that happened to me.
Aw. We are happy to help.
Aren't we. Rudd?
Hold up. This is your ride?
I've never been in one of these before.
Don't touch the glass.
-Oh.
-Matter of fact. don't touch anything.
I bought this
with my first big commission check.
-So it's more than just a car to me.
-Understood. Let me create some distance.
-No! Hey! What the… Hey!
-Oh no. Sorry about that. Let me just…
Oh!
I got a friend at AutoZone.
-He'll buff it right out.
-It's okay.
No way.
This is your neighborhood?
What? Are you shitting me?
Dude. this is your house?
Rudd found it
before it was even listed.
Of course he did. He's a realtor.
The most pimp job there is.
Bus bench ads. Open houses.
Plowing "For Sale" signs into the lawn
with those ballistic missiles
you call arms.
I am so damn proud of you. dude. Ah!
Hey. you think you could teach me?
I wanna learn from you. senpai.
It's not that easy.
It took me years just to pass the exam.
You don't have to do a thing.
Just let me watch and absorb.
-I'm an active learner.
-Yeah.
You could teach him a thing or two.
You know what. D?
I got Marcus. Why don't you go on in?
Okay.
Time to learn real estate
from the master. Limbo!
Ouch.
Hurt a little bit.
Beautiful rakes.
Rudd?
You there?
Oh.
Why'd you come here?
What do you mean?
You expect me to believe
you had no one else to call?
What is this. some straight money grab?
If so. name your price.
For what?
For you to jump directly into an Uber
and not come inside.
You can't honestly think
we're brothers. right?
What about our emails?
-What emails?
-Okay. now I know you're fucking with me.
-Listen to me.
-Ah!
-You're gonna go inside. okay?
-Yeah.
You're gonna say.
"Thank you. No. thank you."
You remembered you have to
spend time with your actual family
instead of your pretend one.
Shane! Cory!
There's someone we'd like you to meet.
This is
your dad's Little Brother. Marcus.
The boys. Get in here. you two.
Come on.
-Okay.
-Uh. who is this guy?
I'm so confused.
Yeah. I didn't know
you had a little brother.
That term is being used rather loosely.
but that's okay.
How long is he in town for?
Well. actually. I think I better head out.
Wow. Already? You just got here.
I thought you said
you had nowhere else to go.
You're right.
I did say that.
Then I realized
I should be with my real family
instead of my pretend one.
Did Rudd tell you to say that?
How much did he offer you?
To be fair.
we never quite landed on a number.
Yeah. just ignore him.
He's got a lot on his plate right now.
It has nothing to do with you.
You know. I was sensing
a little bit of that.
Boys. grab some spare bedsheets
and a pillow for your uncle Marcus.
Oh my God. I'm Uncle Marcus!
Hey. We are gonna get to the bottom
of whatever's bothering you. bro.
I'm starting to think it's no accident
that I showed up when I did.
Ow!
Uh…
That's my boot you're feeling.
I'm not erect.
Why is this thing so slippery?
Oh. I told Nurse Sonj to go heavy
on the Vaseline for my wounds.
and it got all over the place.
Whoa!
Whoa! Oh shit!
Ow.
We just had to let him
stay in my office.
You couldn't even get him up the stairs.
He'll be safer down there anyway.
Oh. will he?
What happened to the guy I married
who said "the only thing
that matters is family"?
Yeah. family I'm related to.
He's not my actual brother.
Why are you so upset?
Maybe he came back into your life
for a reason.
Or maybe I'm upset
'cause there's a stranger
sleeping in our house.
And when I was carrying him up the stairs.
he said he wasn't erect.
-But he definitely was.
-Well. he's staying. Deal with it.
I can't afford to deal with it.
I have to be on camera tomorrow.
and now I'm all stressed out.
-You were already stressed out.
-You think?
I mean. it's only my entire reputation
and everything I've ever worked for
on the line.
Whatever.
Okay. maybe this Marcus stuff
is just dredging up some old feelings.
Like whatever's going on
between you and Josh.
I'm turning on red mode. Deirdre.
Good night.
Rudd and Deirdre.
today is the beginning
of a beautiful journey.
You've found in each other not only love.
but trust. respect and joy.
As you step into
this new chapter together.
may your days be filled with laughter.
your hearts with kindness…
Hey. Sorry.
-Am I being too loud?
-No. you're fine. You're fine.
- It is my absolute honor…
- You're watching our wedding video.
Yeah. I couldn't sleep.
I hope I'm not overstepping.
I haven't seen this in years.
Look at my hair.
Oh. it's beautiful.
The whole thing is so fucking beautiful.
It was a killer wedding.
No. it's more than that.
It's your love.
It's infectious.
You can see it on everyone's face.
You guys found it.
the thing we're all looking for.
We were so happy then.
Uh-oh. I'm picking up on a past tense.
Now I'm feeling tense.
- Everything okay with you two?
- Oh.
It's… It is late.
You do not wanna hear about this.
Yeah. you're right.
I don't wanna hear about it.
I need to hear about it.
Come on. girl. This is a safe space.
I don't know.
You know. Rudd's just…
He's so focused on this reality show
that he's doing.
-It's all that he ever talks about.
-Uh-huh.
I think growing up in his brother's shadow
really did a number on him.
I see. Complicated dynamic there.
Mm! Yeah. I just…
I want my husband back.
Yeah. And let me guess.
It's been a minute since you and Rudd
have taken a trip down to the boneyard.
Oh.
What makes you say that?
In my experience.
nothing kills a man's libido faster
than feelings of insecurity.
Okay.
I guess it has been a while.
But it's not all his fault.
I have been busy too.
Sure.
But is it possible
that Rudd being so distracted
has left a void that you're trying to fill
with your own projects?
Dedicating yourself to being in service
of everyone but yourself?
I never thought about it that way.
You seem to know a lot about this stuff.
Yeah. Well. the. uh…
…apartment complex
I was living in before this
happened to have a lot of therapists.
Ah.
And when they get home from work.
HIPAA be damned.
But I'm just glad I got here when I did.
Our man is hurting right now.
He feels like he has to pretend
to be something he's not
just to be worthy of our love.
Yeah. he does seem to be in a lot of pain.
I'm gonna get the old Rudd back
and reignite that beautiful spark
if it's the last thing I do. honey.
Now…
…I hope you do not mind.
I looked in the fridge earlier.
and I saw a heavenly white.
- Oh.
- Not unlike yourself.
- Madame?
Yes. please.
As you wish.
-Cheers.
Mm. This pumpkin quiche is next-level.
Thanks. Cory. It's actually
my third foster dad's recipe.
It's all I have to remember him by
after he died on 9/11
in an unrelated casino fire.
Okay. we gotta go. dipshit.
-Morning. bro.
-Yeah. morning.
I see you helped yourself to my clothes.
Uh. is that okay? You have my word.
I will wash them before I leave.
Oh. that's not necessary.
Oh no. 1.000 percent is.
I have a medical condition
where my sweat smells like cat piss.
- You know what? You can keep 'em.
- Thank you. cutie. Go off. queen.
- See you boys later.
- Hey. where are you going?
The adoption event.
I told you about it yesterday.
It's on the calendar.
No. What about him?
This is my first day of shooting.
Well. Marcus actually had
a really good idea.
I just figured. since you said
you'd teach me real estate.
I could shadow you today.
No.
No. no. no. no. Absolutely not.
-You're worried I'll get in the way.
-That's one of my many concerns. yeah.
All right. I gotta go.
You guys figure it out. Break a leg.
Nothing to figure out. He's not coming.
If you really don't want me there.
I respect that.
-The last thing I wanna be is a burden.
-So nice of you to understand that.
Yeah. I can just kick it around here.
Not a problem.
I'm sure I can find
something to get into.
Oh shit! I left my quiche in the oven.
Goddamn it! Oh!
Fire in the hole!
Whoa!
Suck it. bitch!
Whoo!
Almost burned the entire house down.
Could you imagine?
The Big fucking Apple. dawg!
What up. New York City?!
Whoo!
Yeah!
Christ. Get in here!
Holy shit. dude.
- Is this really my life?
- I was wondering the same thing.
Hey! We're near my old neighborhood. bro.
We should swing by the basketball court.
You still owe me a rematch.
-I have no idea what you're talking about.
-Don't pretend you forgot. bitch.
Ow! I'm driving a car!
Hey. I owe you an apology.
I've just been so focused
on my own mental health.
I took my mind off of your needs.
Has something happened recently
that triggered some stress?
Yeah. this.
-You.
-Yeah. but it's more than that. isn't it?
I got the sense from Deirdre
you've been a little distracted lately.
-She told you that?
-No.
She confided in me
because she cares about you.
What'd she say?
She implied you guys might be having
some problems in the sack.
Hey. I get it.
If I had as much going on in my life
as you do. I'd be gummy-worming too.
-Pew.
-Nobody's gummy-worming. all right?
Whatever the problem is.
I promise. it's in your head.
Your penis is probably
a totally normal size
and it just looks tiny
next to your massive body.
You know. even if I was too distracted
to have sex with my wife. which I'm not.
but if I was. it's just…
…'cause I want Deirdre
to have the best life possible.
To do that. I gotta work twice as hard.
Rudd. I love you.
but you're a freaking dumbass.
Deirdre doesn't care
about that materialistic shit.
You need to stop being so hard on yourself
and start getting hard for your wife.
Just set aside some time for a date night
and book her on the first flight
to Poundtown.
Take a cab to Boneville.
Or a rickshaw to Sexburg.
Ah-ha! There he is.
There's the Rudd I remember.
I really appreciate
you opening up to me like that.
I'm not opening up.
That is not what's happening here.
Joshy!
Dude. he's gonna be so surprised I'm here!
-No. we don't… Fuck.
-Bro. what up?
-Rudd?
-Hey. Josh. So that is Marcus.
He's my Little Brother
from a charity thing I did in high school.
And he is here for some reason.
Right. Okay.
Uh. just calling to check in.
You seemed a little off the other night.
I know you're under pressure
with this show and all.
but taking care of your mental health
is really important. okay?
You're getting to be that age
where some guys snap
and annihilate their whole family
or whatever.
You know what? Maybe I can get you
a session with my life coach.
Well. ex-life coach.
I'm basically coaching him now.
and it's been amazing.
Hey. hey. Josh. Josh.
You know what? I'm fine. Okay?
Honestly. all good over here.
You have no idea how good I'm doing.
I'm actually on my way
to go shoot my big reality show.
So everything's fine. Okay. bye.
Ooh-hoo! Here we go.
Hey. Don't worry.
The camera's gonna love you
almost as much as I do.
-Huh?
-Yeah. thanks. Just stay here. okay?
-In the car?
-Yeah.
-Is that even safe in this heat?
-I'll crack a window.
Wh… what if there's an emergency?
No matter what. do not leave this vehicle
or touch anything
inside this vehicle. okay?
Or I'll break your other leg.
Ouch.
Happy shoot day. You ready?
- We need to talk.
- Uh-oh.
Am I in trouble?
Remember. a few years back.
my Little Brother from that charity
emailed out of the blue.
-And I told you to handle it?
-Yeah.
You sent him the response
we send to all the wackos. right?
I did.
But then he wrote us back.
You followed protocol
and deleted it. right?
It was too sad.
He was all alone. and it seemed like
you two were really close.
so I wrote him back… as you.
-Mia. you realize what you've done?
-I'm sorry.
You were really busy.
and I knew you wouldn't wanna
turn your back on him.
-It seemed like he really needed you.
-Oh Jesus.
He was going through a lot.
At the time. I was going through a lot.
Remember my dad left my mom
for the guy in his Pilates class?
I couldn't sleep for weeks.
and Marcus was there for me.
-He's a really good listener.
-No wonder he thinks we're so close. Fuck!
I didn't tell you 'cause I didn't want it
to interfere with the show.
A little late for that.
He's in my fucking car as we speak.
And I can't fucking get rid of him!
What's up? I'm Kieran.
Oh. hey. Rudd. Honored to meet you.
Big fan of your work.
Aw. thanks. man. I'm excited for you.
Big audition.
Oh. No. I've actually been added
to the main cast already.
Is that what they told you?
Let me guess.
They shot a title sequence for you?
Yeah.
Man. if I had a dollar
for every godforsaken soul
that shot a title sequence
that never made it to air
because they crapped out on day one.
I could make an all-cash offer
on this brownstone.
-Did you pick an angle at least?
-Angle?
Um. Lenore said she liked
the big dog edit for me.
Unfortunately. we already have a big dog.
That's Hayley.
Oh. you could go with
mysterious outsider
who nobody knows which side they're on.
That spot's been open
since Chase Greer had a mini stroke
and then a regular stroke and then OD'd.
Why did I drink so much coffee?
Hoo! I gotta piss.
It's already going away.
Now it's back.
Okay. everyone.
Okay. so we're gonna start with the scene
where Rudd and Kieran
are competing for this listing.
-All right? Bunch of stars.
-Right. We're doing it--
Excuse me. Um…
I just wanted to ask you guys.
What about a catchphrase.
if I'm lucky enough to close the deal?
I was thinking.
"Mansion accomplished."
"Manson accomplished." Why would you
reference Charles Manson?
No. "Mansion accomplished."
It's usually like "mission accomplished."
- Oh. Oh my God. That's way worse.
- Yeah.
-I think… holster it.
-Let's just hold off on that for now.
- Okay.
- Just for now.
Cool. cool. No problem. Uh--
-Let's try one. shall we?
-Rock and roll.
All right. people.
We're making TV magic.
Ready to roll.
Trust me.
The mysterious outsider's the way to go.
-Go for that in the first take?
-It might be the only take you get. man.
And action.
Hey there.
-I'm Kieran from--
-Oh. I know who you are.
Big fan.
Greetings.
Rudd Landy. Big City Realty.
You may not be familiar with me.
That's because I operate in the shadows.
What the fuck?
Life is weird.
I used to pass by this house every day
when I would take my dad
to his chemo treatments.
Just the thought of getting to sell this
one day helped me get through it.
I'm so inspired by the architecture.
I never share information about my family.
Okay. Let's cut there.
- W… what's up? Was that okay?
- Well. it was…
Huh. Well. we love that you tried that.
And it was
definitely something.
Let's do one
where you don't try something.
Now it's coming like a wave.
Don't do it. Marcus. You know the rules.
Don't touch anything.
Don't get out of the car.
Is there a cup in here or something?
Big Gulp cup. Everyone has
a Big Gulp cup in their car.
Fuck!
Aha.
It really was such a blessing
to see this beautiful piece of property.
Yeah. It really is a masterwork
in both design and construction.
That's something I know a lot about. Here.
See my Porsche 911 out there?
It's more than just a car to me.
And I know this place
is more than just a house to you.
All right. This is just
crazy enough to work.
Here we… Oh my God. My neck.
Just gotta get my penis
in the proper position.
Ho-ho! Ho-ho! Ho!
Victory!
A car of that quality.
it's a great investment.
Because anything that has value
truly appreciates over time.
Just like this house.
Ooh. That's a lot.
Whoa! Oh no. no. no. no!
Can't sto…
Ah! It's up my nose!
The point is. you need an agent
who understands
the real value of craftsmanship
and sees your home
as more than just a place to live.
A home is an extension of ourselves.
You put your heart and soul in this place.
Just like I did when I built my company
to be one of the top agencies in New York.
These will be like a giant napkin.
Ow! Okay.
Okay. Nobody saw nothing.
And I just rub like this.
And…
Oh. fuck me. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
I know when you accept an offer. you put
a number on the value of your labor.
- And I promise I will--
- Sorry. We should cut.
There's a guy pissing
all over the car out there.
And he shattered the window.
A car drove by and ripped the door off.
Oh my fucking God!
Keep rolling. We can use this.
Oh no.
It's okay. Don't mind me.
I'm Rudd's little brother.
Sorry to interrupt.
I had a little emergency.
but we're all good now.
Jesus Christ. Marcus.
what the hell did you do?
Wait. This is your brother?
No. no. it's my Little Brother
from a charity thing
I did a million years ago.
Listen. Rudd. I can explain every--
- Fuck you!
- Whoa! Hit-and-run. Okay.
- Holy shit.
- I'm calling the police.
- Fucking e-bike.
- Here. put all your weight on me.
I'm sorry. Who are you?
I'm Mia. Rudd's assistant.
Oh. Looks like we got something in common.
We both think Rudd's a fucking boss.
-Oh.
-Ow!
He seems fine. Let's just go back inside.
- Oh no. wait a second.
- Yeah. I'm all good.
I. I could use maybe a Band-Aid
or a couple of napkins.
- Ah!
- That is a lot of blood!
- Uh. medic. Medic.
- Whoa.
- This man's brains are exposed.
- Enormous gash.
- Wow.
- Oh no.
My head's killing me.
Are you sure you don't need
an ambulance or anything?
Nah. as long as I got my big bro with me.
I'm all good.
Right.
Now. Marcus.
where did you say you're from?
- He's had an accident. We should let him--
- Whoo!
I was a foster kid.
and I moved around a ton.
Probably easier to tell you
where I'm not from.
Sixteen foster families. Can you imagine?
How'd you know that?
Oh… I was just guessing.
Uh. based on what Rudd told me.
Anyway. then one day.
my life changes.
The day I walked into the YMCA
and signed up for
the Big Brothers. Little Brothers program
and met this angel prince right here.
And when he looked into my eyes
and told me we'd be brothers for life.
I knew I'd never be alone
in this fucked-up world ever again.
I'm sure it wasn't as bad as you think.
Are you kidding me?
He ruined the whole thing!
Total disaster. It was going great.
Everybody was loving it.
Then he fucked me.
I knew he was gonna fuck me.
and he fucked me.
Okay. I hear you.
-You do?
-Yes.
I mean.
the show is really important to you.
and you need our support right now.
-Yes. I do.
-So come here.
Come here. Come over here.
Okay.
All right. just… try to relax. okay?
That's it.
Look. I know I put a lot into this. okay?
It's just…
You know. my whole life.
I've always felt like I…
Like what?
I don't even know how to say this.
Like… I was less than something.
-Like I always have to prove myself.
-Oh my God.
Rudd. you don't have to prove anything.
Babe…
Babe. just… just not right now. okay?
Please.
Are you sure?
It's been a minute since we've taken
a trip down to the boneyard.
Where'd you pick that one up?
-What do you mean?
-I mean. that was his advice. wasn't it?
From your little therapy session you had
in the middle of the night?
-It doesn't matter whose advice it was.
-This guy.
This fucking maniac has
infiltrated our household!
-Jesus. Calm down.
-What is he. our marriage counselor?
I am not taking relationship advice
from him. You and I are fine.
-Are we?
-Oh. I'm not doing this right now.
I need to sweat this out.
Can't we just talk about this?
Why don't you talk about it with Marcus?
He seems to have it all figured out.
Fuck.
Yeah! Fuck me!
I got ketamine from the doctor.
- I wanna try that so badly!
- It's pretty good.
Can you tell me I look like
Eva Longoria in Desperate Housewives?
You look like Eva Longoria
in Desperate Housewives.
Fuck! That's so hot!
Hey. bro.
We making too much noise?
Uh… yes.
Sorry. That's all me.
I'm a bit of a squealer.
Oh. Yeah. you are.
Hey. you remember Nurse Sonj. right?
Sure do. Hey. Nurse Sonj.
Hi. Rudd. Place is gorgeous.
Thanks for having us.
And I forget.
Did you meet her boyfriend. Yayir?
I don't believe I have.
Hello. I like to watch.
Yayir is being modest. He throws out
some pretty killer suggestions.
If you and Deirdre ever wanna open up.
I'll put you in on an email thread.
-We'll try to keep it down.
-Oh. can't make any promises.
Oh shit!
Hon. wake up.
Huh? Oh. now you wanna talk?
Marcus is fucking Nurse Sonj
all over my office.
What?
If that's not enough.
her fucking boyfriend
is just sitting there naked
on my fucking leather chair.
It's a threesome. or is he just watching?
-That's your question?
-It's a big difference.
Aren't they equally inappropriate?
Think about what he's been through.
He's just trying to have a little fun.
At least somebody is.
Wow.
Wow!
-Ooh! God. that was fun.
-It was. Your brother's really nice.
-Oh my God. What a sweetheart. right?
-Yeah.
-Yayir!
-Bro. you fucking killed it. man.
-Great meeting you. dawg.
-Abso… Oh. it was my pleasure.
Whoo!
Boo. so fun.
-Boo.
-Mwah!
Okay. I like that.
I do too.
Mm…
Okay.
Now they're fucking
on the hood of your car. hon. Just FYI.
Hmm?
Ooh. the floodgates are opening!
There goes your car alarm.
Oh. look. Now the Meyersons
are getting a little bit of a show.
We'll get an angry call from them
in the morning.
I'm on this new SSRI.
It takes me forever to come!
- It's working for me!
- God. His stroke game is so weak.
He should take a lesson from you.
Oh Jesus!
The fuck?
Gotcha.
-What's going on?
-Yeah. Dad. What the fuck?
I'm about to tell you what the fuck.
Sit down.
Rudd. whatever it is…
we're here for you. and we support you.
Great. Because I found something.
Something rather alarming.
Ah. shit.
Is it on the shaft or the groin area?
It's not on any…
God.
I gotta take this.
Nurse Sonj has
a similar situation.
- Hello?
- Hey. TV star!
You fucking did it.
Really? That's amazing.
Yeah. you guys are magic together.
- Me and Kieran?
- You and Marcus.
The network really responded to him.
- Really?
- Yeah.
The… the uptight. older. rich. white guy
reuniting with his. uh. underprivileged.
diverse. younger.
arguably hotter. long-lost brother.
It's fucking classic. Rudd.
- Yeah. sure.
- It has it all.
Rags to riches. Wish fulfillment.
White guy getting his car banged up.
Love to see it.
Let's see him struggle once.
- For once in his life.
- Just a little.
Anyway. we're just gonna need
the two of you to come down
and shoot a new title sequence
with both of you in it.
- Him in the title sequence?
- Yeah.
Marcus really solidifies
your place in the show.
Otherwise. you're just another meathead
in a suit selling condos.
- Don't need that.
- Don't need any more.
But. hey. look. if you're not feeling it.
we could always just focus on Marcus.
Do a kind of Fresh Prince thing.
-Yeah. or we could give it to Hayley.
-Mm! I love that.
Introduce Marcus as her Little Brother.
- Wait. what?
- That's sexy.
Hey. anyway. we're hoping to make
a decision by this afternoon. Okay.
-Ciao. Ciao for real.
-Bye. brother. Love you like a brother.
You were saying?
Yeah. I… I was saying…
As you may have noticed. Marcus.
I wasn't necessarily
100% on board with you being here.
What?
Did anyone else pick up on that?
Regardless…
…possibly. I have judged you too quickly.
That's on me.
Those are just my own insecurities
lashing out.
- I apologize for that. and…
- Oh…
…it's good
to have you back in my life.
What was that. bro?
Yeah. Dad.
you kind of mumbled that last part.
I said. it is good
to have you back in my life.
- Come on. Marcus. keep it together.
- Oh…
Those are only the most beautiful words
you've ever heard.
I am so proud of you. hon.
Aw…
I thought you said
you found something alarming.
I did.
Deep within myself.
Oh. great.
Well… I have some big news too.
I reached out
to Big Brothers. Little Brothers.
and I told them your story.
and they went crazy for it.
So crazy that they wanna make you
their honorary Big Brother of the Year.
Big Brother of the Year?
Yes! More like Big Brother of the Century!
We can make it a reunion event
where we reconnect Big Brothers
with Little Brothers
who haven't seen each other for a while.
just like you and Marcus.
And guess what.
They want Marcus
to present you with the award.
Isn't that amazing?
Oh. look. D. He's crying.
Oh my God.
Let the tears flow.
Hmm.
On NYC Hustlers.
there's a new season
and a new reason for attitude
when we add two dudes.
There's never a dull "bro-ment"
when these two guys are around.
I don't wanna speak for my big bro here.
but we've been given a gift.
We get to live together. work together.
go home and talk about work together.
He exhales. I inhale.
It's like we're one organism.
Wanted to show you the stage.
We've got a great lighting designer.
And on the stage.
we could also get a great photo op
with everyone wearing
their Little Brothers. Big Brothers hats.
I think it'll be super cute.
I was a little hesitant about you
at first.
I thought you were just
another meathead in a suit selling condos.
but seeing you with your brother.
you got a heart.
And I like heart.
We'll take it.
And boom! Mansion accomplished.
Mansion accomplished!
That's so funny. It's usually "mission."
but you said "mansion" instead.
- Yeah.
- Good one.
Today is actually the anniversary
of my dead father's passing.
-Oh.
-Okay. I think we got it. everybody.
Yeah. that's a wrap. Thank you all.
- Great.
- Love it.
- Perfect. Great job.
- Oh my God. Marcus.
- Yes. chef.
- You are so funny.
Hey!
We did it!
We're living the dream.
Wouldn't you say so. bro?
Yep.
Living the dream.
So what's our plan?
Plan?
The Marcus problem.
Problem?
Do you have eyes?
I was the inspiring underdog
who everyone was rooting for.
and now my screen time is in free fall.
You and me… we're on death row. my man.
I know it's not ideal.
but I'm his connection to the show.
Shouldn't that be good for me?
That's what Jill Zarin thought
when she invited
her friend Bethenny Frankel
onto the set
of Real Housewives of New York City.
Now Bethenny has
the world's leading skinny margarita mix.
and Jill lives in Boca.
where they don't even have
a Housewives franchise.
- What do we do?
- "We"?
You let the fox into the hen house.
Now you need to find
a dog big enough to chase him out.
-A ten-and-over.
-A ten-million-dollar listing?
And over.
A motherfucking showpiece.
Something they can
build an episode around.
that keeps the attention on you
and not Marcus.
Whatever it is.
you better think of something fast.
or your little brother is gonna
send us both to Boca.
And you will never be the big dog.
Hey. You have a minute to talk?
Hmm.
Hey. you.
Hey!
Making coffee. huh?
-Yeah. you want some?
-Sure.
I actually like mine with honey
and a little cayenne pepper.
-Get out.
-Gives it an extra kick.
What? That's how I like it.
-Stop it.
-Yes. I'm making it like that right now.
- That is so fucking random.
- I love it that way. Yeah.
Gosh. Crazy.
Okay. enjoy.
- Cheers.
- Yeah…
Do you mind if I play music?
Oh yeah. Be my guest.
Hold up.
Hoobastank?
Get the fuck outta here. girl.
You're putting on motherfucking 'stank
in the middle of the day?
Yeah. It's one of my favorites.
Really bittersweet. but yet…
-Uplifting. yes!
-Uplifting. That's what I was gonna say.
That's. like. kind of
me and Rudd's favorite song.
We talked about it over email a ton.
I mean. it's kind of our thing. you know?
- Your thing?
- Yeah.
-You and Rudd.
-Yeah.
Totally.
Hey. can I ask you something? Um…
You're Rudd's assistant. Um…
Do you have any tips
on how to. uh… connect with him?
We had this magic over email.
but since I've been here.
it kind of feels like
he doesn't want me around.
I'm just… trying to get
that old spark back.
What did you like about his emails?
Uh. pff. girl.
just about every damn thing.
So funny and smart.
Emoji game. tight.
Yeah.
We just really connected. you know?
Listen.
He's been really focused on the show.
and he's kind of insecure
about the whole thing.
Mm!
So if you could just let him have
the spotlight every once in a while…
Wait. Was I hogging the spotlight?
- Just a little bit.
- Ugh! God. I had no idea.
Thank you. Mia. It's been really nice
working alongside you.
- Same.
- Yeah.
'Kay. see you.
-Bye.
The way I see it.
great opportunity for you.
not just financially.
but also professionally.
Being on the show's gonna get you
top dollar for the house.
but at the same time.
you can promote your personal brand.
Ruddy. Ruddy. Ruddy. you gotta relax.
Selling me so hard.
you're gonna blow out a hammy.
You wanna list my house
for the show? I'm in.
-You are?
-Sure. Why not?
In fact. we should do it this weekend.
Throw a big bash. invite some VIPs
for the cameras. You bring the family.
We'll make a day of it.
Josh… man. you don't know
what this means to me.
-Anything for my baby bro.
-Ha!
So I'm gonna tell the producers
you're gonna give me the listing?
Why don't we save that for the show?
Make it more interesting.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Of course.
-You're gonna give me the listing. right?
-Don't even worry about that.
So… how are things with you and Rudd?
Mm… I don't know.
I feel like
he's opening up more emotionally.
and I've made myself more available.
but it doesn't seem like he's interested.
- Ah…
- He's just still so in his head.
Desperate times
call for desperate measures.
You might wanna think
about eating that ass.
Excuse me?
Wait. Have you never done it?
-No!
-Are you--
Wait. Isn't that kind of gross?
Oh my God. Are you kidding me?
-It's the oldest form of lovemaking.
-No.
And getting your flavor cave tongued
is the ultimate hard reset.
Wait. Hard reset?
You know when you turn on your phone
and you wipe the drive clean?
That's what having someone
go Joey Chestnut on your cinnamon ring
does to the human brain.
- Oh my God.
- Restores factory settings.
-You're serious.
-Oh yeah!
You wanna get him out of his head.
you gotta get into his ass.
And personally. I think giving's
even better than receiving.
Oh my God.
You are something else.
-Bottoms up.
-Whoo!
And then she baked me cookies.
How cute is that?
I mean. everyone
at Big Brothers. Little Brothers
has just been incredible.
I feel like I've finally found
my true calling.
Hmm.
You okay? You seem quiet.
I just don't get it.
Why's Josh letting me do this?
Do what?
Put his house on the show.
I mean. like. what's his angle?
Maybe because you asked him
and he cares about you.
Definitely not that.
He wouldn't even tell me
if I got the listing.
Feel like he's setting me up
for something. But what?
Okay. I've had it with this shit.
Pull over.
What? Why?
I'm sick of you being in your head.
so stressed about the show
and your fucking brother.
You're as tight as a fucking teenage nun.
-Excuse me?
-You heard me. Pull the fuck over!
What?
We haven't done this in a while.
- The zipper's stuck.
- The belt's a double hook.
-God!
-Okay. okay.
-If I can… If I can get…
-Hold on. Put the window down.
Go out the window.
I can take your pants off.
-All right. Yeah.
-Go. go. go. That's it.
-Goddamn it. come on!
-That's it.
-Okay. I'm gonna… If I can…
Turn around. Turn around!
-Okay.
-Like that.
♪ I wanna do something freaky to you ♪
♪ Baby ♪
Is that your dad's car?
- It sure looks like it.
- Wait. What are they doing?
Why is Dad facing that way?
I can't really make sense
of how they're arranged.
You will someday. son.
You will someday.
♪ I'd love to slide down
Into your canyon ♪
♪ Slide now ♪
-♪ In the valley of love ♪
Wow.
Rudd. you look so cool.
Thank you. Mia. You look lovely.
They already started filming.
Everyone's ready for you.
Oh no. they're not.
Wow.
Oh. hi. Uh. your mintiest drink. please.
Perfect.
Hmm. Hmm.
Uh-huh.
Oh!
Wow! Goddamn!
Look at this majestic silverback.
Atilla the Hunk.
I can't wait to hang back
and watch you shine. twin.
Hang back?
Yes! That spotlight.
all on you tonight. my man.
I'm the wingman.
You're the king. man. Come on. now.
Thanks. Marcus. I really appreciate that.
- Wow!
- Hey.
Okay.
Hey.
-God. You look gorgeous.
-Thanks.
I love this. Reminds me of Lil' Kim
in my favorite Missy video.
-"Supa Dupa Fly."
-"…Fly."
-How funny.
-Get out of my head.
Just call me Lil' Kimchi.
- Hello.
- Yeah.
-I'm kidding. I prefer Mia.
-Okay. yeah.
I look. and I see land ho. Hey.
- Big bro.
- Hey.
Man. this place looks more impressive
every time I see it.
Man. that's just your reflection. stud.
You tell them how you got this?
You guys have to hear this.
Oh. hey. I wanna thank you for that advice
you gave me about Rudd.
It was actually a nice. genuine moment
we just had.
It's paying huge dividends.
-I mean. look at him.
-One. two. three.
Ah!
Oh my God.
Hey. you wanna hang back with me
and watch the big dog do his thing?
I'd love that.
Okay.
You know. Josh personally designed
every aspect of this house.
So he had to make sure there was room
for one of his true passions.
Chinese hot pot.
And my favorite combination
is fish balls and Napa cabbage.
until tomorrow.
when I have a new favorite. of course.
Fish balls. huh?
I didn't know fish had testicles.
Sh. sh.
Shit. My bad.
I was listening from the next room.
and I couldn't help myself.
Rudd's timing was… Mwah!
The Little Brother
you were telling me about?
Yeah. He's gonna hang back for tonight.
No. no. Don't be ridiculous.
Marcus. get down in here. Have a seat.
- In there?
- Yeah. come on.
You know what?
I'm doing my thing out here. so--
Do your thing in here.
Okay.
Deirdre told me all about your story.
and I gotta tell you. man.
it got me right here.
You've been wronged by so many people.
and yet. you still have
so much love to give.
- Hmm.
- But you know what they say?
My brother's brother is my brother.
My man.
- Oh!
- Oh! You.
-Can I offer you a fish ball. Marcus?
-Yes. of course. I love hot pot.
I was fostered by
two 95-year-old Chinese sisters for a bit.
What do you got here?
Shui zhu rou. Da bai cai.
-Yu wan!
- Ho!
- Oh!
Xie xie.
- Am I blushing?
- We're gonna get another Emmy.
Wow. What a spacious master.
Bro. I think they call it a primary now.
Oh. I didn't… We should cut.
-No. just keep on rolling.
-Where the magic happens. huh?
-What does that mean?
-Oh. you know. like all the sex and stuff.
Dude is really funny. man.
Hey. speaking of magic.
let me show you fellas the bathroom.
Give us a minute.
This is where the real magic happens.
Who wants to rim the Grim Reaper?
What are those?
I'm not sure.
Justin Timberlake gave them to me.
Said it's the same shit he took
when he wrote the song
for that Troll movie.
so you know it's gotta be good.
Now. Rudd's a bit of a square.
so he's not gonna indulge.
-That means. Marcus. it's all yours. baby.
-Um… All right.
- No. "Square."
- What?
Oh my God.
Yo.
Woo-hoo!
- I didn't know you partied like that.
- Every day. bro.
Well. Justin said only do a tiny bump.
-You didn't mention that.
-Oh. well. anybody else?
- No.
- All right. let's get out of here.
-Wait. You're not gonna do any?
-Who. me?
No. man. I was just being a good host.
The only drug I do is the beat. baby.
Yeah. I think I'm good too.
Okay.
You're fucking us right now.
You see what's happening here?
-Joshy!
-My brother's brother is my brother.
- Marcus is gonna steal this listing.
- The listing is mine.
You're just another meathead
in a suit selling condos.
You'll never be the big dog.
You need to keep Marcus
away from Josh. you little bitch.
- Bitch.
- Rudd.
Rudd. Hello?
The fuck is wrong with this guy?
I can't believe how much me. you.
and Rudd have in common.
Yeah. it's pretty nuts.
I feel like the universe chewed me up
and spit me in your mouth.
Yeah. we're like a ménage à trois
without sex.
A human centipede of commonality.
And that last beat
goes out to my new bro. Marcus!
Hey. brother man!
Huh?
-It's my--
-Marcus.
-Huh?
-I need your help.
You need my help?
Oh jeez. I'm actually nervous.
Go out on the deck. All right?
Wait for me there.
No matter what. don't come in
until I give you the signal.
Okay. Uh. sure.
Rudd. are you okay?
You look like a glazed ham.
I'm fine. The bass is sucking me off.
Oh my God.
There you are. my man.
I've been looking everywhere for you.
Oh yeah. just putting your amazing view
in my spank bank for later.
Oh. I get it.
I've pleasured myself to it many times.
-Brass tacks. my man.
-Yeah.
I've been playing it cool
with giving Rudd the listing to my place.
Maybe even acting like
I'm leaning towards giving it to you.
to up the drama.
I give the TV people what they want.
But I want the big man to have
a big win tonight. You get me. right?
Yeah. of course.
That's like my entire thing.
Rudd. have you seen Shane?
Ugh. Deirdre. I don't have time for that.
I'm doing something important.
What?
-It looks like you're dancing.
-Yeah. very important dancing. okay?
I'm keeping the camera on me.
and I'm keeping Marcus away from Josh.
- Oh God.
- Where's Josh?
"Where's Josh?" "Where's Josh?"
- Where's Josh? Where's Josh?!
- I don't know.
Where's Josh?
Fuck!
We're gonna go back in.
We'll gather the people together.
make the announcement.
Yeah.
-I just have one request.
-Mm?
Can I be the one
to give him the good news?
My brother's brother is my brother.
- You got it.
- Yes!
Yes!
No! No! No! No! No!
No! No! No!
Oh shit!
-Oh my God. Oh my God.
-What? What?
Um. he's not breathing. Does anyone know
how to do an emergency tracheotomy?
I do. One of my foster moms was an EMT.
Uh. excuse me.
Uh… Shit. Sorry.
I'm coming down!
Oh God.
Rudd's got a metal straw in his pocket.
He did drugs with it.
No time to explain more.
-Here.
-Yeah. Okay.
Once I stab his throat.
you put pressure on it
to slow the bleeding.
Okay.
Oh shit!
- Ah!
- Oh God.
Stay with me. buddy.
Ugh.
Oh my God. He's breathing!
Mar… Marcus. you saved him!
Marcus is a hero!
Thank you. I didn't… Oh.
-Incredible.
-Oh my God.
-No. Please. I mean…
-You are such a star.
Anyone in my position would have done
the same thing.
Oh.
Phew.
- A miracle!
- Thank God for this dude.
- Incredible.
- It was nothing. really. Oh God.
You guys are too kind. Thank you.
- You guys would've done the same.
- Hero!
- GOAT. Greatest of all time.
- Stop.
- I'm just happy he's safe.
- Yeah!
Let's all clap for Marcus!
He's a hero. right?
Wrong!
Rudd. what are you doing?
Oh. I don't know. hon.
Just wondering
when we're gonna cut the shit
and stop pretending this stranger.
this scam artist. is part of our family.
Rudd. what are you saying right now. bro?
Don't "bro" me. all right?
I saw you out on the balcony with Josh.
You were planning to steal the listing
of this house right from under me.
What are you talking about?
No. we weren't.
How can I trust anything you say?
You've been lying to us the whole time.
Hey. look at this.
Recognize that?
Oh shit.
This is Marcus's hospital bracelet
from a fucking psych ward!
He's an escaped mental patient.
What's wrong?
Nothing to say now. huh?
No way out of this one. pal.
Uh…
He's right.
I did lie to you.
I was afraid if I told you the truth
that you wouldn't accept me.
I've been rejected by so many people…
that. uh…
…I started to hate myself.
At one point. I was so… alone
that I thought
I might do something drastic.
So I checked myself
into a recovery center. and…
…it didn't help at all.
I guess I'm just meant to be alone.
I'm sorry I lied to you. Rudd.
But I don't understand.
-Our emails. we had this connection.
-He didn't write those emails.
I did.
Oh my f…
Goddamn it. You were catfishing me?
I wasn't catfishing you. Marcus.
-Everything in those emails was true.
-Fuck.
I was just pretending to be someone else.
Okay. maybe that's
the technical definition of catfishing.
-Yeah.
-But why?
'Cause I didn't know you at all!
You're a stranger.
I am so sorry. Marcus.
He didn't mean that.
Yeah. he does.
But it's okay.
Goddamn it.
Marcus. wait!
Just leave me alone.
And cut!
I think we got it.
Good work. everybody.
- That was phenomenal.
- Yeah. Hey. drive safe. okay?
That was incredible.
Nice work. big dog.
♪ You think that you're wise ♪
♪ And you're really on the ball ♪
♪ When it comes to love. then winning ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ You don't know ♪
♪ Nothing at all ♪
♪ And you'd better take it ♪
♪ Take it ♪
-♪ From a loser ♪
-♪ Take it from a loser ♪
-♪ Why don't you take it ♪
-♪ Take it. take it ♪
-♪ From a loser ♪
-♪ Take it from ♪
-♪ A loser ♪
-♪ Take it from someone who knows ♪
All right. Marcus.
remember. if I make this. you get an H.
Yo. Rudd!
No way!
-Who's that guy?
-Oh. that's my older brother. Josh.
He's home from college
and interning at Goldman Sachs.
He can bench press his own body weight
and has sex with girls.
-He's the coolest.
-Cooler than you?
Let's go! I need you to help me
get into a high school party.
-Sorry. Marcus. I gotta go.
-Same time next week?
Uh. yeah. For sure. dude. I'll call you.
Who the fuck was that?
Just some dumb charity thing
I'm doing for college.
-♪ Take it from a loser ♪
-♪ Why don't you take it ♪
-♪ Take it ♪
-♪ Mm-hmm ♪
-♪ Take it from a loser ♪
-♪ Take it from ♪
-♪ A loser ♪
-♪ Take it from someone who knows ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
Yeah?
Hey. Big Brother of the Year!
Just checking in.
making sure you're all set for tomorrow.
You're still coming to that?
I thought I ruined everything.
-Wha… what do you mean?
-Huh?
I don't know.
Destroying Marcus in front of everyone?
- Putting my brother in the hospital?
- Oh.
Oh. that. Yeah. hey. you're all good.
I mean. it's a villain edit for sure.
-It was giving demonic. sociopath.
-Oof!
It was like.
"Who raised this monster?" honestly.
Tough to watch.
But the network is loving it.
They're eating it up.
The only problem is.
we don't really have an ending.
Hmm.
And the only thing that
audiences love more than an iconic villain
is a redemption moment.
And so we think Marcus giving you
the Big Brother of the Year Award
is the perfect ending
to your season arc. brother.
Yeah.
You know.
after what I did the other night.
I don't think
Marcus is gonna be there. so…
Let us worry about that.
Yeah. we…
we've been in this situation before.
You have? It seems very specific.
We'll handle
the Marcus of it all.
You just show up and be your great self.
-Get excited. All right?
-Okay. we view you as family. for real.
-For real. We love you.
-Love ya.
If you need anything. call my assistant.
Jesus.
Dear Rudd.
thanks for your last email.
Your words were super comforting
during the eviction and the trial.
You're the best big bro
a guy could ask for.
Rudd. big bro. how you living?
Thanks for the advice you gave me. The…
Well. I was in another plane crash.
and I'm once again
having major survivor's guilt. F my life.
Hey. brother.
I just feel really alone right now.
So grateful I can lean on you.
Dude! Guess what. Rudd.
I saw a horse the other day.
and it reminded me
of when we played Horse.
Remember how I thought
it was called "Whores"?
First thing I'm doing next time
I see you is challenge you to a rematch
on the courts.
Hey. Rudd. I'm so grateful
to be able to call you my brother.
the only family that hasn't abandoned me.
Brothers for life.
Boys. I really appreciate
you being here for me for my big speech.
We're not here for you.
We're here for Mom.
Yeah. to be honest. we're not psyched
about you accepting an award
for helping a guy
whose life you ruined. so…
I'll admit. not my finest moment.
But they say
Marcus is gonna be here today.
so maybe we patch things up
and move forward.
We're gonna go find seats.
And everybody's happy.
Amazing. Hon. you did such a great job.
Yeah. Thanks.
I know you were looking forward to this.
-If what I did took away from that--
-Oh. I'm… I'm used to it.
Right back where I started.
throwing a big event for a fake cause.
Enjoy your night.
-There you are.
-Hey. You seen Marcus?
No. I wouldn't be surprised
if he never wants to see me ever again.
Really? I thought you two hit it off.
He liked me. But he was
still just getting to know me.
He loved you.
Oh. you made it! I'm so happy you're here.
Marcus?
Marcus. I'm so glad you're here.
Of course. big bro.
Wouldn't miss it for the world.
Oh. look at you two getting along already.
I love it.
Yeah. but that's not Marcus.
What are you. the cops?
No. it's a body double.
He's gonna hand you your award on stage.
and then we are going to
paste Marcus's real face
right onto him using VFX.
-You can do that?
-"You can do that?"
Yeah. we can do that.
Most of the Oscar speeches you see.
people are busy. so it's just that.
We do that.
So he's going to give you your award.
You're gonna make your speech.
then Marcus here
is gonna give you a big ol' hug and say…
Love you. big bro.
- Aw!
- "Love you. big bro." I'm crying.
- And the Internet goes crazy.
- Talk about a viral moment.
You know. it's for the best
that Matilda broke up with me.
'cause dating a rock was so hard.
But this new relationship.
it's so much sexually softer.
and the smell…
Oh. okay. Okay. Keith.
That's a… that's a great… great share.
Um. let's hit the pause button on that.
To be continued. yeah?
Oh Jesus!
Ow.
-Ow.
-Marcus?
We've been over this.
-We can't readmit you.
-Why not?
We just finished repairing
the other ceiling you destroyed.
Why didn't you just
walk through the front door?
I told you. I was trying to sneak back in.
You didn't need to sneak out
in the first place.
You were here voluntarily.
Doc. I feel like
you're not listening to me.
No. you're not listening.
Look. I know you've had a hard life.
But there's nothing
medically wrong with you.
You're just… kinda weird
and extremely lonely.
Are you kidding me?
Look at me. I'm a mess.
I went out. and society chewed me up
and it spit me out.
I need you. Doc. I need help.
-I'll suck your dick.
-What?
I'll suck your dick. Look away!
-I'll suck it.
-Marcus. Marcus. listen to me.
Barring some sort of psychotic break…
…there… there's really nothing I can do.
-Okay?
-Okay.
-I want you to stand up.
-Sorry. That was inappropriate.
-I'm getting up.
-All right.
I'm okay.
-Okay.
-And I'm walking away.
Good. Good.
No. no. no!
Not again.
-How's this. Doc?
-Marcus.
Is this "psychotic break" enough for you?
- I'm fucking loco. ese!
- Fuck me.
I am honored
to be giving out such a special award.
one that only goes
to the most deserving of Big Brothers.
Someone who's dependable. humble.
and always puts his Little Brother first.
A man who would never turn his back
on someone in need…
-Hey. looking good. Uncle Josh.
-…even if doing so would benefit him…
Doctors say
I'm gonna make a full recovery.
Oh. what is that thing?
Electrolarynx.
Only temporary.
But it's the same one Michael Douglas used
after he got throat cancer
from eating his wife's pussy.
- Yeah.
- But not my husband. my Rudd.
So please welcome
our Big Brother of the Year.
Rudd Landy.
Love you. big bro.
Thank you. Deirdre.
for that incredibly gracious introduction.
Thank you. Big Brothers. Little Brothers.
for honoring me with this award.
Thank you. Marcus.
for coming into my life.
And I mean. look at us.
All these years later
and our bond couldn't be stronger.
Heck. sometimes I forget
we aren't actual brothers.
I can't do this.
Everything I just said was bullshit.
-What is he doing? What's happening?
-What the fuck is he doing?
Marcus has been failed
by a lot of people over the years.
I think I might be the worst of all.
My whole life.
I've been obsessed
with earning the respect
of my own big brother.
My brother. Josh.
is one of the most impressive people
I've ever met.
From the moment I could walk.
all I just wanted to do
was earn his approval.
Man. even when I had it.
I couldn't see it.
That man checked himself out
of the hospital. that I put him in.
just to be here for me today.
The truth is. he never cared
about how successful I was.
Neither did Marcus…
or my wife. Deirdre…
who stood by me. even though
I became somebody she didn't recognize.
And. gosh. that type of love
is easy to take for granted. isn't it?
But unconditional love
is what being a brother is all about.
It's what being a family is all about.
God. Marcus understood that.
I didn't.
That's why I can't accept this award.
Hey. Rudd.
what the fuck are you doing?
Something I should've done a long
time ago. Get my car. Meet out front.
No. you need to get back out there.
That is not an ending.
You have an obligation to the show.
Fuck the show. I quit.
-Hon. I'm sorry I ruined your event.
-Oh. I'm so glad you did.
Deploy backup Rudd.
Love you. big bro.
-Love you too. man.
-Yeah.
I'd like to thank my wife. Deirdre.
for that incredibly gracious introduction.
I would also like to thank…
Rudd.
Seeing you open up like that in there
has given me the courage to say.
I've always been a little jealous of you.
-You. jealous of me?
-Oh. come on. Look at your life.
Look at this beautiful woman.
Two kick-ass kids. And what have I got?
- A 19-million-dollar house.
- Yeah.
And a McLaren P1.
And a different Instagram model
in my bed every night.
Two vineyards.
And a group chat
with Robert Downey Jr. and Simone Biles.
But what's important is what you have.
Your family. which is your legacy.
and I'm just glad to be a part of it.
Oh. hey.
I gotta go. Don't wait up.
Wait. Where are you going?
Going to get my little brother back.
I can't believe
you're letting me drive this thing.
Why? It's just a car.
So what's the plan?
He could literally be anywhere.
I think I know where he is.
Hey. roommate. I missed you.
Whoa. Who's that?
Jesus!
It's you. but made from lunch meat.
I have to do a new one every week.
or it attracts vermin.
That is the sweetest thing
anyone's ever done for me.
Man. you feel so much better
than roast beef.
I gave you a vagina.
Shit!
It's locked.
I guess I'll book us a hotel.
and we'll come back in the morning?
Rudd?
Marcus?
Ah. shit.
-Sorry.
-No. I'm sorry.
I'm so territorial about my window.
It's my toxic trait.
- Who are you looking for?
- Marcus Pinchel.
-Three windows over. one up.
-Thanks.
Shit.
Someone's climbing up the wall.
Mm. Let me guess. It's the Grinch again?
No. not this time. It's a big. strong guy.
Rudd?
What does he want?
Marcus wants to know
what you want.
Tell him I wanna talk.
He wants me to burn down my high school.
What?
I'm coming in.
Whoa.
Jesus.
Okay. where are the cameras?
No cameras.
Just me.
S… so. what?
You finally feel bad for me or something?
Well. don't worry.
I'm right where I belong.
I don't need your pity.
I'm not here to pity you. Marcus.
I just wanna talk.
Look. I don't know
what came over me with this show.
I've just always wanted my brother
to look at me a certain way.
The truth is… and I didn't realize it
until you were gone.
but the way I want Josh to see me
is the way you see me.
I've been looking for it
ever since I was a kid.
It's been in front of me the whole time.
You're the brother
I always wanted. Marcus.
I'm just sorry
I hadn't been there for you.
And I'm not just talking about
these past few months.
And-And I'm sorry I wasn't there
when your parents died.
and you had to move into
that orphanage in Dunbar.
You read my emails?
Every single one of 'em.
I'm sorry you lost your brother. Manny.
You had to go through
the pain of that all alone.
Yeah. Manny was my best friend.
I never got to tell him I loved him.
Well. I'm not trying to replace him.
But I want you to know
that from here on out.
I'm there for you.
brother.
-I thought you said we weren't brothers.
-Yeah. I said a lot of stupid shit.
But you and I.
we're brothers for life.
Don't say it if you don't mean it.
Wouldn't dare.
Well. then. can you say it again?
'Cause I really liked hearing it.
Brothers for life.
All righty.
-Good luck.
-See you. Doc.
Hi.
Hey. Marcus.
There's something I need to say to you.
Yeah.
I'm… not a perfect person.
There's many things I wish… I didn't do.
But I continue learning.
I never meant to do those things to you.
And so. I have to say before I go…
♪ That I just want you to know ♪
♪ I found a reason for me ♪
♪ To change who I used to be ♪
♪ A reason to start over new ♪
♪ And the reason is… ♪
I'm sorry. I…
I can't do this right now. Mia.
I get it. It's gonna take some time
for me to earn back your trust.
What? No.
You kidding me?
We just nailed that whole moment.
We just sang a Hoobastank song together.
That was so hot.
We're gonna obliterate
each other's holes tonight.
Probably again in the morning.
That's gonna be a short session.
-I wanna walk crooked to work. girl.
-Yes. please.
It's just that. uh… Rudd and I have
some unfinished business to attend to.
♪ Me and baby brother ♪
Okay. we got this. baby. I ain't scared.
You sure you wanna do this?
-Absolutely.
-Been waiting for a while. huh?
-Uh-huh.
-Okay. we'll start easy.
One foot. left-handed.
Okay. Beginner's luck.
It's okay. It's okay.
- Too easy. big dog.
- I'm just warming up.
Check this out.
No!
- Oh shit.
- Fuck!
-Jesus. Marcus. you okay?
-Christ!
Oh my God.
Walk it off. baby.
-Redo. please.
-Yeah. yeah. Go ahead.
I'm not scared. I'm bringing
the thunder and the lightning.
- Oh my God!
- Oh shit.
-Jesus. Are you okay? Let's call it.
-Hoo!
No. Give me the goddamn ball.
-Okay.
-Check this out.
It's probably your concussion.
-Redo.
-Ah. shit. Redo. That was a warm-up.
Hee-yah! Dang it. Kobe!
- Hang on. This basket's bad.
- Something's up with it.
Did you notice?
Yes!
- Oh. Whoo!
- Nice!
- C'mon. now. Come on. now.
- All right.
- It's all on you. Catch up.
- Marcus!
♪ Me and baby brother ♪
♪ Used to run together ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey. yeah ♪
♪ Welcome one another… ♪
Broker Brothers commercial.
scene one. take one.
-Hi. I'm Rudd Landy.
-And I'm Marcus Landy.
And we're the Broker Brothers.
We put the "real" in real estate.
And we can help you find your forever home
or that perfect rental
that suits your needs.
-Right. Marcus?
-That's right. Rudd.
But keep in mind. nothing is forever.
and there's no such thing as perfect.
Inevitably. we all meet our maker
in the end.
Cut. Can we try a more upbeat version?
I was trying to be real.
-No. Let's just go again right away.
-Yeah.
You want a back massage?
Hard pass.
You could use a back massage.
And I studied in Bangkok.
It's gonna hurt for a while.
But you gotta trust me.
Whoa!
I'm sorry. I thought I saw you on fire.
Get in the fucking…
Thank… Oh.
Oh yeah. Call me the Trash Heap
from Fraggle Rock.
I don't know that reference.
Oh. well. it's Jim Henson's
lesser-known work!
Get on your knees. bitch.
You wanna be my toilet?
I'm sorry.
What was I… We'll go back into it.
Broker Brothers commercial.
scene one. take five.
Hi. I'm Rudd Landy.
And I'm Marcus Landy.
We are the Broker Brothers.
And if you don't like
the house we found for you.
we'll buy it back at double the price.
-No. Cut. Cut. We're not doing that.
-Why?
- Boom in the shot.
- Oh shit. Sorry. My bad.
Fuck! Fuck. I'm a fucking idiot.
-You're doing amazing. okay? Just relax.
-You calling me a liar. bro?
- Yeah. I guess I am.
- Oh. you…
- Guys…
- Easy! Easy!
Meryl Streep hasn't given
an acceptance speech in 20 years.
It's a small Filipino man
who stands in for her.
and we paste her onto him.
And it works.
Let me spot you.
And three.
And… four.
And… I didn't brush my teeth.
I'm so sorry.
You are my rock.
my mountain. You are my everything.
-And--
-Get off of me!
Okay. all right. Okay.
Success!
Slightly to the left.
- Camera left. Other way.
- To your right a little bit.
- God! Oh!
- Can you get it in your mouth?
Ah. it's up my nose! It's in my no…
This is crude humor.
And I will not be a part of a project
with such disgusting taste.
This would pair nicely with Rudd's ass.
What else do you wanna do.
you little freak?
69. 72. 83.
I don't know any of those.
John Tesh composed
the NBA on NBC theme song on that piano.
And that song fucks.
Broker Brothers commercial.
scene one. take 39.
Broker Brothers
will out-muscle the competition!
We'll make sure you get
the most ripped. bulging…
- Ah. cut. man. I can't do this.
- Oh. really?
Aw. come on!
Don't be such a stick in the Rudd!
That was right under our nose
this whole time.
On NYC Hustlers.
there's a new season
and a new reason for attitude
when we add two dudes.
There's never a dull "bro-ment"
when these two guys are around.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm